Update Question Template (#2239)
NationalSecurityAgency/ghidra: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/question.md

assignees: ''

---

> To get quick replies, users are recommended to create clear question following the guideline below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get quick replies, users are recommended to create a clear question following the guideline below.
```

#### Prerequisites

- Make sure it's a Ghidra relevant question

#### Description

#### Steps to reproduce (optional)

- Input data (source and sample data)
- Software version
- Code/commands
- Output/Error message

#### What have you tried?

> - Have you Googling?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Have you searched online for a solution to this problem?
```

> - Have you searched similar issue on this site?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Have you searched for a related open issue?
```

Author: 👍

#### Guide to comment

> - DO NOT create new answer to reply any comment or reply

Reviewer: The intention here is unclear.

Author: The intention is do not create new issue for reply a answer

Reviewer: If I understand correctly you mean that users should comment on an existing issue related to their question instead of opening a new issue?

Author: Yes

Author: If you want, i in can delete this line
